feat(codegen): add support for build tags (#2012) (#2807)
sqlc-dev/sqlc: docs/reference/config.md

- `emit_all_enum_values`:
  - If true, emit a function per enum type
    that returns all valid enum values.
- `build_tags`:

>   - build tags to add to the generated code. if you do not want to add it, leave it unset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If set, add a `//go:build <build_tags>` directive at the beginning of each generated Go file.
```

- `emit_all_enum_values`:
  - If true, emit a function per enum type
    that returns all valid enum values.
- `build_tags`:

>   - build tags to add to the generated code. if you do not want to add it, leave it unset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If set, add a `//go:build <build_tags>` directive at the beginning of each generated Go file.
```
